ur Team
Jitendra Tanna
Jitendra Tanna
Founder, President & CEO
As President & CEO, Jitendra brings more than 20 years of global experience in Information Technology & business consulting and entrepreneurship. Proficient in strategy formalization, planning and implementations, Jitendra has demonstrated success in setting up and managing overall Consulting Service business. Prior to co-founding Eternus Solutions, Jitendra was a founder director for Rapidigm India which became Fujitsu Consulting India, and worked as their Vice President for 10 Years in India in multiple strategic, business development, operations and delivery roles, where he engineered multi-year engagements for various Fortune 500 companies, both in the United States and other parts of the world.
linkedin_profile twitter_profile
Shreyas Merchant
Shreyas Merchant
Co-Founder & CTO
Executive Vice-President & COO, Shreyas brings with him over 17 years of IT experience and is managing delivery and operations at Eternus Solutions. He has a track record for customer centricity, passion for excellence and rigor in execution. Prior to joining Eternus Solutions, Shreyas spearheaded the Applications and Integration Services Practice as Associate Practice Director at Fujitsu Consulting between 2003 and 2010. Shreyas was instrumental in exponentially growing the team and has in-depth understanding of the IT Services business, including hands-on experience of working with global delivery models. He is also a certified Project Management Professional (PMP) from PMI. Shreyas brings with him a rich delivery management exposure along with global Services Sales and pre-sales expertise. He played a key role in successful CMM Level 5 assessment for Rapidigm India which was eventually acquired by Fujitsu.
linkedin_profile twitter_profile
Nikhil Mehta
Nikhil Mehta
Director - Global Delivery
With 20+ years of in-depth technology expertise, Nikhil has deep understanding of software development lifecycles and Global delivery Model. A PMP professional, himself for the last 10+ years, Nikhil brings in requisite expertise for intricate Project Management for complex Global Projects @ Eternus. He has domain expertise ranging from Telecom, FMCG, Health Care, Manufacturing as well as for the High-Tech industry. His people skills management skills and all-rounded technology expertise has enabled the organization to deliver consistently and with the world-class quality expected by the clients across the globe. With an eye for details, Nikhil has made sure that the Client Satisfaction Index is always at the peak. Under his leadership, the team has delivered 1000+ Projects and still counting. Before joining Eternus Solutions, Nikhil worked in the capacity of Customer Engagement Manager at Fujitsu's Global Development Centre. His key responsibility in this role consisted of Strategic Account Management, Business Development & Customer Success Assurance.
linkedin_profile twitter_profile
Jigar Shah
Jigar Shah
Director - Technology
A Technology Evangelist and Aficionado Jigar Shah spearheads the Technology Teams at Eternus Solutions. With more than a decade of experience in Architecting and Implementing intricate Custom solutions for Fortune 500 clients, Jigar has techno-functional expertise across various domains such has Education, Health Care, Manufacturing, BFSI, Non-Profits etc. He has been instrumental in envisaging and devising multiple products for the company as well as for many of the clients. He carries deep expertise in Salesforce CRM and all of its products and solutions such as sales cloud, service cloud, CPQ, Marketing cloud, commerce cloud etc. He leads the Centre of Excellence for Salesforce at Eternus and is instrumental in building niche competencies and solutions for global clientele. A community star himself, he has wowed audiences across various community forums and is a speaker in global technology events over the years.
linkedin_profile twitter_profile
Kunal Adhikari
Kunal Adhikari
Director - Customer Acquisition
Having a multifaceted personality and an all-encompassing expertise in Technology, Sales & Management, Kunal is the right combination for spearheading Business Development. His deep expertise in delivery, as well as his proficiency in understanding the needs of his clients helps him strike the right balance to bring value to them consistently. His experience spread across multiple domains Aviation, E-Governance, Education, BFSI & Healthcare is an added advantage for him as well as the client during the sales process. He has been instrumental in closing large-size deals with Fortune 500 clients through the years. Being an avid sports enthusiast, Kunal always believes and lives the success mantra of ‘Work Hard, Play Harder.
linkedin_profile twitter_profile
Our Mission
At Eternus Solutions, our mission is to make sure that all our stake holders (Clients, Employees and Investors) are delighted to be a part of the organization.
Disclamer
© 2019 Eternus Solutions Private Limited. All rights reserved.
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy. Find out more.




Page semi-protected
Google
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
This article is about the company. For the search engine, see Google Search. For other uses, see Google (disambiguation).
Not to be confused with Googol.
Google LLCEach letter of "Google" is colored (from left to right) in blue, red, yellow, blue, green, and red.
Google's logo since 2015
Googleplex HQ (cropped).jpg
Google's headquarters, the Googleplex
Formerly
	Google Inc. (1998-2017)
Type
	Subsidiary
Industry	

    Internet
    Cloud computing
    Computer software
    Computer hardware
    Artificial intelligence
    Advertising

Founded	September 4, 1998; 21 years ago[a] in Menlo Park, California, U.S.
Founders	

    Larry Page
    Sergey Brin

Headquarters	1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California
, U.S.
Area served
	Worldwide
Key people
	

    Sundar Pichai (CEO)
    Ruth Porat (CFO)

Products	List of Google products
Number of employees
	114,096 (Q3 2019)
Parent	Alphabet Inc. (2015-present)
Subsidiaries	List of subsidiaries
Website	google.com
Footnotes / references
[5][6][7][8]

Google LLC is an American multinational technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products, which include online advertising technologies, search engine, cloud computing, software, and hardware. It is considered one of the Big Four technology companies, alongside Amazon, Apple, and Facebook.[9][10]

Google was founded in September 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin while they were Ph.D. students at Stanford University in California. Together they own about 14 percent of its shares and control 56 percent of the stockholder voting power through supervoting stock. They incorporated Google as a California privately held company on September 4, 1998, in California. Google was then reincorporated in Delaware on October 22, 2002.[11] An initial public offering (IPO) took place on August 19, 2004, and Google moved to its headquarters in Mountain View, California, nicknamed the Googl